ENGLISH SENTENCES
A man is carrying a baby in a pouch to his chest is helping a small boy walk across a log by holding his hand .
"People marching down a street playing band instruments , a man in foreground is dressed like a baker ."
A group of people outside playing drums and walking down the street wearing black and blue clothes .
"A group of people stand behind a black sign , while some shout and raise their fists ."
"A young dreadlocked woman is on stage , singing and playing acoustic guitar ."
"A group of ten people are in a van , all smiling at the camera ."
"A group of white male sailors , senior officers in tan and black shirts , and a lower ranked , black sailor , dressed in the traditional white pants suit with blue tie , walking past a sushi restaurant ."
"A boy in a baseball uniform with white pants , a white hat , and a yellow shirt with the number fourteen on the back is raising his left leg ."
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach .
"A balding man wearing a dark , blue uniform is rolling a yellow stretcher containing a large , blue duffel bag ."
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in the passenger seat of a silver vehicle .
A dog walks through the snow while blindfolded carrying something in his mouth .
"A vendor , selling such kid-friendly items as popular cartoon balloons , water guns and clear umbrellas , wheels his stand around in the streets where he is selling ."
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat .
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone while a woman sings into a microphone next to him .
"Two young women , one in a blue blouse , the other in a bikini top , are standing at the table with beverages ."
"Children in school one little boy cutting paper the other little boy is reading , they are both wearing brown sweaters ."
A man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed .
"At the amusement park , a young lady tries to win a stuffed animal by playing one of the games ."
A mist overshadows a man in winter gear and the winter landscape in front of him .
"Young muscular African American man , cleaning a fish , shirtless ."
Two young black men sit on a beach and work on fish netting while boats and other men are visible in the background .
A young toddler in a blue hoodie brushes his teeth with his back to a mirror .
local nationals running past a humvee while a soldier stands over fellow troop .
"A smiling man of Asian descent is sitting in his slightly-untidy cubicle at a desktop computer with several windows open , both hands poised in proper keyboarding position ."
"Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy , manicured lawn ."
"A man in a scary old man mask , a woman , and a child in front of a cafe ."
A worker in a bright orange uniform is cleaning up the mess on the street while a small boy in red pants walks by .
"People sitting at white tables in a cafe , with a brown bench filled with thick pillows next to the glass window ."
A young man in the air in the middle of a skateboard trick in an urban area .
A little blond girl with a pink dress and blue pants walking away from a little boy .
"A man in a khaki jacket and hat , surrounded by bushes , is sitting in front of a body of water ."
A young man wearing a woolen hat plays acoustic guitar while lying against a pillow .
"5 people are in a room with a bookcase and chairs , 2 standing and 3 sitting ."
"Two men holding a Chinese lantern that 's yellow and red , one man has a drill and the other is smiling ."
"A man in an orange shirt , blue bottoms and a head covering is perched in a tree and holding an axe or hatchet ."
"Two Mexican guys standing on outskirts of a field , one has a machete knife and the other has cigarette in his mouth ."
"While sun is setting , boy is blowing bubbles by rocks new lake or ocean ."
"A man is looking intently at something in his hands while another man , who is slightly behind him , is smoking and holding a can of something in his hand ."
An Indian man and elderly woman walking away from a building on a sandy road .
A big dog is running in the grassy field with woods behind him .
A tent advertising Surfer Magazine for the 25th annual Longboard Classic on the beach surrounded by palm trees .
"Cute girl at a children 's beauty shop sitting on a toy car having her hair blow-dried , while stylist is smiling and gentleman 's arm is touching the car ."
A man in an orange uniform jacket holds a phone to the ear of a woman wearing a white shirt .
"A man wearing a heavy coat , gloves and a hat smokes a cigar in a crowd ."
A disabled combat veteran sells hotdogs and pretzels on the sidewalk .
Two men stand strong under the waterfall 's cascade .
"One woman with long brown hair , black shirt and pantyhose , red skirt , that just threw green ball with yellow streamers in air ."
"Student in a classroom concentrate on their work , guided by a PowerPoint presentation on a large screen ."
"A young boy wearing a teal shirt , dark blue trousers , and a large red backpack is walking down a brick-paved passage next to a brightly-painted brick wall ."
"A man in a white t-shirt and gray shoulder bag walks along side of a woman in a red , white and blue plaid top who is also in a skirt and boots ."
A young man in sneakers and a red jacket is posing with one hand on the ground and the other raised in the air .
A man with brown hair is sitting on the sidewalk next to his luggage reading a newspaper .
A man with a long beard is using a paintbrush and drawing on paper .
"Two females sitting on large backed stools in front of a counter inside of a house , with one female turning her head back ."
Here is a picture of a male model tanning near his swimming pool in his backyard .
"A rock climber dressed in yellow and wearing a red safety helmet is scaling the smooth wall of a high cliff , while another member looks on from the boat in the water ."
"A young girl dressed in brown dress and sandals scowls at a young boy dressed in black hat , tank top , and blue cargo shorts as he tosses a silver ball towards a identical ball ."
A man with a long white beard is dressed like a wizard in a purple robe with a crowd of people and children behind him .
An older man in a dark blue shirt and an older woman in a beige blazer share a meal and look at one another .
"Warmly , casual dressed people looking at rock art sculptures that are in a body of water ."
The football team is ready to make a well calculated play .
There is a view of the beach with a person with a fruit basket hat in the foreground .
A football player in a yellow and white jersey is jumping up to catch a football kicked by the other team .
"While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football ."
A black lady wearing boots and a long coat is sitting on a bench inside a subway train with earbuds in her ears .
A woman holding an umbrella and a cup and hand holding a little blond boy in a backpack rushing to school .
The football player in yellow and black is about to be tackled by the other football player in gold and blue .
A female athlete in crimson top and dark blue shorts is running on the street .
An older women in a white jacket and white pants squatting in the dirt to fix her garden .
"Two firefighters holding a fire-hose , spraying water upwards ."
"A man in a blue striped shirt and blue jeans , is playing in the hay ."
Ethnic woman in traditional clothing sitting on the ground by artwork designs in chalk .
"A man walks in front of a theater , a marquee above him reads "" BEAUJOLAIS AND MORE , NOV 19 "" ."
"An older man in white , standing at a fire with tool in hand , and a pile of wood behind the man ."
"A group of warmly dressed people plant something in three rows , guided by string ."
A woman wearing black leggings and a black tank top is running in a race while bicyclists follow not far behind .
A man dressed as a pirate greeting a young boy in front of a crowd while underneath a bridge .
This man is skiing in the white snow and going through a course of some kind .
vegetables on a stand with people waking around in the background .
A man is carrying six wooden logs over his left shoulder while holding another log in his right hand .
A crowd of black people are gathered and one person has a backpack on .
"A man in a pink shirt is looking at a laptop computer , while a lady in a black and white print dress , is blowing on her coffee cup ."
"A man dressed in a sport coat , slacks and nice shoes , posing in a very busily-decorated room , while wearing a dark green mask that has large yellow monster teeth , a single orange eye , and completely covers his head ."
"Kids practicing martial arts in a dojo , while older members look on ."
A man balancing a green ball on a pole for a crowd on the street .
"A cowboy wearing a baseball cap is on a horse in a rodeo corral preparing to throw the rope he is spinning over the young , small steer which he is chasing ."
Looks like a male and a female posing for a picture and dressed in costumes from the 1950 's .
Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale .
"The young girl wearing a pink shirt is putting a box , with a drawn face and bow , on a shelf along with other food ."
"Three people are in an airport with one laying on the ground , a woman sitting against the window and a man standing with his luggage ."
A man in a short-sleeve shirt is ironing a shirt while smoking a cigarette .
A man wearing glasses and a brown jacket shovels very deep snow off a sidewalk .
A man in a green sweater and jeans sits on a lawn chair with many shopping bags at his feet .
This shows a group of people standing in a crowded street but with several people including 4 women and a black male standing by a table that has some papers and a couple of coffee cups on it .
"A woman wearing a vertical striped top , sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station ."
"One child sitting on the grass , and the other child is holding a stick ."
"Other children look on as a boy in a yellow coat holds a red pot by the handle , tilting it towards a light orange tube ."
Sisters waiting for their dinner to be served at a restaurant while listening to live music .
A group of kids are standing in a passageway and two adult males are standing behind them .
A man in a light green shirt and jeans on a street corner pointing to a location out of view of the picture for a woman in white pants .
A welder waiting for the mold to warm in a car assembly company in the city of Angeles .
"A short white hair women in front of a wooden lattice door wearing ethnic clothes , beads , and scandal , brushing a clay stoop with a bunch of long green leaves on stems ."
"Here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses , washing his hands at a spring or waterfall ."
An Oriental man with glasses and a colorful vest is walking down the street with a girl with blond-hair .
Two men talking and observing fruit that 's on show and for sale at an open fruit market while another woman is also observing the wares .
A group of individuals at a bar wait at the counter for a bartender to take their order .
Some men are sitting or laying around with bags and piles of things around them .
A man with a mustache wearing a black and red plaid shirt plays guitar .
A woman in a floral print shirt laying in the grass with yellow and orange leaves around her .
A woman checks her rings while standing next to another woman in front of a mirror .
A woman in a white and beige-striped sweater answers telephones in an office .
A man wearing a sweater is pushing an old man wearing a suit and blue tie in a wheelchair next to a row of bookshelves .
A man giving a slide show presentation to a group of people .
A man in a red shirt and a black and blue striped shirt are singing into microphones .
"A boatman in a coolie hat and purple shirt and a child paddle a small boat over placid , muddy water ."
"Two older men speak into microphones on a stage , while a projector screen displays a vintage photo of a young man behind them ."
Two men in suits sitting on stage with microphones near their mouths and a powerpoint picture in the background .
A dog on wood floor is staring at a yellow ball that is lying on orange carpet .
Blond woman looking down over a wooden rail .
A lady in a bikini is pouring a drink into a red cup for a man who is wearing trunks and sunglasses .
A construction worker with a hard hat and green gloves standing shoulder deep in still water facing away from camera .
A woman in a black shirt getting emotional while talking into a microphone .
A man with a black hat and black beard is reading a magazine sitting on a blue bench .
Young male white boy who is dressed in blue jeans and yellow long-sleeved shirt is climbing a tree .
"A young redheaded girl , wearing a yellow shirt , black pants , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background ."
A worker is power washing the sidewalk outside of an estate surrounded by an iron fence .
A group of people holding papers and microphones stand in front of a man with his face painted like a mime .
A group of three violinists made up of two guys and one woman are playing while man in the audience closes his eyes .
A man laying on the street with men and woman walking all around them .
"A conductor of a train leans out of a window and looks to the right , while another man inside of the carriage looks towards some gauges ."
"Three kids running and falling down a hill towards a parking lot , where a woman is digging in her purse by a car ."
There are two shadowy men standing along side a stream that runs through a paved courtyard in front of some stairs .
"Women wearing floral , cultural dresses are standing around a barrel of bread at an outdoor sale ."
"A boy in sunglasses , a blue , hooded , zipped up sweater and brown shorts is running from a camp of tents ."
"A man is standing on a stage , speaking , and there is a phrase projected on a screen behind him ."
A shirtless man uses a long reaching tool to paint a ceiling white .
Two small children and a man and a woman are dressed as skeletons .
A woman in a bright safety jacket is standing next to large pipes .
"Two older men with walking sticks , wearing baggy middle eastern shepherd 's clothing , one of whom is wearing a turban and the other a skull cap are crouching on pavement in front of a blue wall ."
A group of people sitting in on a conference and listening to the guest speaker .
A man in a short-sleeved white shirt is standing beside a man in a long-sleeved white shirt with the sleeves rolled up .
"Looks like a man transporting a family , consisting of a mother , a father , and a son , to some destination"
"A man in a white shirt , blue jeans , and open-toed sandals is sitting on a subway seat ."
The boy in the black and yellow mask is talking with the man in the blue shirt .
A christian woman is ironing clothes and making alterations to them .
Male conductor of a train or trolley looking out the window of the train or trolley .
A middle-aged man is using a hammer and metal spike and splitting a log .
A row of cars parked outside a dark city street .
A smiling man in a blue jacket and black vest stands in front of a crowd of marchers near a red tent with green trees in the background .
A woman is carving an ice sculpture with a knife .
Two middle-aged men are playing the drums wearing black rock-band t-shirts in a basement .
An older woman with three children and one of the children is crying .
The band is practicing before the championship game .
Construction workers are walking down a hallway of a building they are constructing .
A black-haired swimmer in a pool .
A football team is playing football while people are watching from the sidelines .
A woman in pink and a man wearing an apron watch a food covered grill .
A child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench .
"A man with a beard sits with a guitar that 's opened up , and wires exposed ."
A man and a woman sit in front of a computer and other equipment looking at various scenes on the monitor .
A man in a black shirt playing a guitar while another man watches .
A man wearing a yellow safety vest watches other workers on machinery .
A guitarist tuning his electric guitar on the set of what appears to be a television program .
"This photo looks like students perhaps , four of them in a classroom computer lab setting ; one is looking toward the camera , the others ( two with name place holders showing ) are looking away , mostly in a studious position ."
Two people are having a conversation as they sit at the bar .
Two firemen in blue uniforms standing around with there hands in their pockets .
Two men in blue uniforms use yellow tape to section off an area within a white wooden fence .
A man and woman in business attire ascend escalator .
A small child with blond-hair and a pink shirt stands alone on a bridge .
A man sits alone with gloves on at a red table that holds a keyboard and many accessories on top of it .
A woman in a red shirt looks very happy next to a man playing a guitar in a very futuristic setting while a camera records them both .
Two men in Middle Eastern dress sit on plastic milk crates and smile at the camera .
A man wearing a beanie and blue jacket is standing near a wooden pole and squinting through the sunlight .
An elderly man sitting on a folding chair and looking into the street .
A man is wearing yellow protective headphones while using a circular saw to carve pieces away from a tan stone sculpture .
"The white and brown dog leaps into the air , above snow covered ground ."
A group of people in a dimly lit restaurant with a black and white tile floor .
"A group of students , one splattered with paint , while another makes a gesture towards the camera , walk along the street ."
An Asian woman is taking a photograph outside a white columned building .
Young women in Halloween costumes are sitting around a fire .
A young couple sit in a grassy field while embracing and smiling for the camera .
"Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag ."
One man in red robes and a kilt stands next to another man in green robes who is standing in front of a large tower structure .
"A black man in a tan sarong and head wrap , works outside shoveling a sand from a yellow truck on to a road , he is surrounded by green grass , shrubs , and plums of dust ."
A man with a torch is heating up a roof and laying down a layer of tar paper .
it looks to be a glass maker heating up some glass to make something while visitors in the background watch him
"A baby , wearing a yellow outfit , is yawning with their mouth wide open ."
"While other people walk by , a woman sitting on a bench next to an escalator uses her phone ."
"A woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf , black gloves and hat and red handbag ."
The baby boy is playing with a large red stick with other balls in the swimming pool .
A young boy in a blue shirt is lying on a bed and reading .
Passengers wait to board another train as a witness snaps photos .
Two teenagers talk to a young man in the corner of what appears to be a school building .
A woman stands next to her red bike wearing a white helmet and white jersey on a dirt road .
There is one woman riding a bike and a man who is riding on a Segway personal transportation device while carrying a pole that blind people use to help they detect things in their path .
People in a break area enjoying refreshments at Halloween .
A person is walking wearing a pinkish colored jacket and a toboggan on their head .
A smiling teen boy clutches the straps of his backpack as he looks at a girl .
Two air traffic controllers are sitting in the control tower overlooking the runway .
Two dogs try to bite each other while laying in the snow .
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse .
Father teaches her daughter to cook on a camping trip .
"A young , blindfolded boy wields a colorful stick , attempting to hit a pinata , while a woman holding a girl and a man look on ."
"A black and a caucasian man are sitting on a long bench in a park , and the black man is pointing something out to the white man ."
A woman lying under an umbrella outside while two young boys run around her .
A construction worker in blue jeans talks on the phone with someone while standing near a construction site .
"A person is driving across a dry terrain on an All Terrain Vehicle , wearing mostly green gear ."
A man on his knees on top of a roof holding a hammer .
"One man is climbing a rock wall , while another man , below , holds a rope ."
"There are two people rock climbing , one is on the ground while the other climbs ."
A young man is climbing up a rock face with one rope dangling down .
Two men are sitting in white chairs next to a blue door .
A policeman wearing a neon green vest has a whistle in his mouth while directing traffic .
Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk .
A man with glasses and no shirt looks in the mirror as he shaves .
"A group of people wearing yellow shirts , with one woman wearing an orange tank top , biking on stationary bikes ."
A man in a green T-shift and black shorts sits on an exercise bike with two large water bottles .
"A lady posing in front of a camera is wearing jeans with her thumbs in each front pocket , while lady wearing a green shirt is watching from behind holding a drink and snack ."
A woman who is holding a blue ribbon is standing with one leg on the ground and the other leg in a vertical manner above her waist while most of the rest of her body is in a horizontal position .
"A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her ."
An Asian woman wearing a breathing mask nursing a newborn baby .
A female in yellow wearing a surgical mask is holding an infant .
A man in a blue shirt stands near a man in a white shirt in front of a large building .
"A little blond girl dressed like "" Little Red Riding Hood "" sitting on a fireplace ."
Two ladies in denim sit talking to each other while another girl with a yellow plastic bag sits on the side .
Customers are standing in line to buy something to eat .
The construction worker is drilling into the street near a street with active traffic .
"A small group of people , including a bicyclist , prepare to cross a city street ."
A man in snow clothes and a red helmet is on top of a mountain with other mountains in the background .
A man in orange drives a four-wheeler with two children on the back of it .
A woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt is smiling while kneeling and wiping the floor with white towels .
A small child in a hood is sitting in a train and looking at the platform .
"A man in a complicated costume with a red mask is holding a torch in front of a crowd of people , many of whom have cameras ."
"A young man and lady are both standing at there own controls that look like a lot a square buttons , a screen by their feet , and a cube above the controls ."
Two little girls are walking on the beach behind them an elderly couple is walking around the rock area
Person in full equestrian gear stoops down next to the back half of a brown horse .
"Two hockey players , one in white and black , the other in black and yellow , about to start a game ."
A man wearing a yellow hat and sunglasses peers around the side of a sailboat while sailing on the water .
A group of men and boys are paddling a boat with cattle grazing in the background .
Child wearing a Green Bay coat carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat .
"Two native americans , one male , one female , wearing very colorful native garb are putting on a demonstration of some kind in front of people ."
A young woman dressed up gothic lolita style for a convention event .
Two people wearing winter jackets in the railway station are about to get into train .
"A little boy in a teal talk-top smiles at the camera from inside a building , holding on to a railing where clothes are hanging ."
"A skateboarder , in a black shirt , attempting to perform a trick next to a body of water ."
A boy in a green sweatshirt and blue jeans performs a trick on a skateboard while spectators in the background are looking on .
"Several people stand around eating , drinking , and talking , while a woman prepares finger food ."
"A dancer wearing a traditional costume of red coat and tall black hat is leaping in the air beneath a sign stating "" Ukraine "" ."
A woman in a flower dress is dancing with a man in a gray vest and boots at a festival .
A group of people holding up fabric flags and walking down the street .
Women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep .
Three men are standing in an outdoor fruit market where several motor scooters are parked .
"A man in blue swimming trunks is jumping while another man in white and blue swimming trunks is leaning backward with his right arm raised above his head on a sunny , sandy area ."
Man in red and white soccer uniform stands on the field boundary lines with yellow and blue soccer ball .
"A woman taking a rest from fishing is sitting down with her lovers head on her shoulder , while three little children and a man are looking up in the sky"
A climber wearing a red shirt is climbing a rock face on a snowy day .
A young man and woman dressed in green aprons and black caps look at the dirty kitchen .
A man in a white t-shirt and blue jeans is using a hand tools to adjust a plumbing fixture in an unfinished room .
"People walking down the street in costumes , including one of a hospital gown that exposes the buttocks ."
"A man in a dark , long-sleeved shirt is playing a wooden flute , while under the crook of his left arm is a large pole , at the top of which are dozens of flutes that are similar to the one he is playing , fanned out above his head like a flower ."
"Twins dressed identically in purple and gold sweaters with gray pants and black shoes , holding on to each other ."
Several people dressed in brightly colored clothing are standing in a row .
A brown and black dog is trying to catch a red ball in its mouth .
"An older person , sex indeterminate , visits with two spotted rabbits in a large cage ."
"A bride and groom , who has curly hair and is wearing a kilt , are cutting their wedding cake ."
A man in a yellow coat and neon green safety vest pushes janitorial equipment down a sidewalk .
"Two young girls in purple tops smiling and sitting in front of a red , green , and blue picket fence on the side of a street ."
Four young boys in purple and gray uniforms talk to a man through an open garage door on a red brick building .
a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another .
A bunch of employees in red jackets standing around a roped-off area .
Girl dressed up as a black cat stands next to monitor .
A teenage boy tries out his bright yellow jacket and new snowboard on the front steps of his home .
A woman with a cane is kept warm with a scarf and hat as she stands outside with a small piece of paper .
People running a foot race make a right turn around the corner while onlookers line the sides of the street .
"Runners in various colors running left of photo , with man in forefront waving at camera ."
A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .
"Little girl , wearing a outfit of many light colors , standing in a pile of leaves ."
"Many runners in a city street , a crowd watches on with trees in the background ."
"Four people are sitting together in a circle , overlooking a body of water ."
An individual in white clothing holding a drink is laying on their back while another individual in black clothing is laying on top of them with their legs straddled over them .
A young man wearing a white shirt and a yarmulke bows before an older man who wears a prayer shawl and yarmulke and holds the younger man 's head in his hands .
Man and woman walking next to each other in front of Caution sign .
Two blond children are laying in orange and purple sleeping bags in a closed-in patio .
Runners pass a statue of a man on a horse as spectators look on and take photos .
An open outdoor area with a fountain where people are gathered to talk with each other or wait for someone .
"Two older men converse standing in an old-fashioned , paved alley bordered with brightly colored buildings ."
A man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head .
A man in a jacket and jeans and a woman in a green coat are reading books on a bench with a baby stroller parked next to it .
People are watching from the sidelines of an inner city foot race .
A marathon in a large city in which a man on the bottom right is looking up at the camera .
A group of people run a race or marathon while a crowd of people watch .
"Competitive swimmers leap from the edge of a pool , towards the water ."
Front stroke swimming race roped off lap areas .
There are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window .
A person wearing a yellow swim cap and blue goggles is swimming in a lane .
An older Asian man is sitting at a desk and holding a piece of paper up that has writing on it .
Five people with backpacks hiking down a rocky hill .
An elderly man is getting his shoes shined at a mobile shoe shining shop .
An Asian man with Headphones sneers as he works a turntable in a dark room .
A DJ with one hand on his headphones and one hand on his turntable .
A man and a woman are talking in a conference room .
Three black men wearing white lab coats are looking through microscopes while two other black men wearing white lab coats are faced away from them .
A vietnamese man driving a tractor through a dirt ravine while a woman rides on the back .
There is a dark-haired woman sitting behind a computer with her hands resting on the keyboard .
A drum furiously hammers out notes on his instruments as he plays on stage .
A man wearing a black and white hat as well as a black and white shirt is singing into a microphone in front of band mates .
The man carries ears of corn in his arms while out in the corn field .
A girl in green pants sits on the railing with another girl as they watch the fountain in the city .
An older teen boy riding on his skateboard in the middle of the street as his friend watches .
Two skateboarders look on while another boarder gets ready to do a stunt on the street .
This is a view through a ribbed glass ceiling looking down on a bunch of people eating in a cafeteria setting .
Two white males are doing a set at a venue with guitars and vocals .
An Indian man is cooking using traditional ingredients .
a man with two blond children looking at a house over a rail in autumn .
"A man wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top ."
A baby in a pink with brown stripe bodysuit smiling .
"A large wooden booth with the word "" Italiano "" and the number 5 on the front with a person sitting inside ."
A dog is shaking off water in a lake as a red and green tennis ball floats by .
"A dirt street in what looks to be China , with two women dressed in pink and white pointing and laughing off-screen ."
"A father , wearing a white puma brand shirt , holding his smiling daughter ."
A highly decorated man leads four beautifully clad woman in colorful clothing in what appears to be a religious dance in Thailand .
An African American man looking at some butchered meat that is hanging from a rack outside a building .
A person wearing a blue backpack and helmet is walking his bicycle down the road .
Two young children are sitting atop an elephant that is eating greens and standing in front a platform with man dressed in a white shirt standing off to the side .
A small child wearing a large pair of safety glasses and a Junior Bison Bots sweatshirt .
"Two men in black , one is holding a drum standing behind a woman with a mask dressed in white with red patterned undergarments towards the bottom and a fan that matches the undergarments ."
"Three dogs pulling a man in a brown jumpsuit and a baby in a blue snowsuit , on a sled in a snowy forest ."
"A toddler in a blue one-piece plays with a stack of plastic tubs , while toys are scattered on the floor behind him ."
A couple says goodbye while others hurry on to their flights .
"A black and brown dog in a grassy , well-lit area with his mouth partially open ."
a shite dog in an orange life vest looking at a man in a blue shirt while riding in a boat .
There is a large group of young women wearing pink and black adjacent to a group of young women wearing blue and black and all of them are standing in the same pose with one arm bent and one arm straight out .
A woman in a black coat is riding her bike on a street as a man in shorts and a striped top looks at her as he passes her .
"A large , yellow construction vehicle is sitting atop a snowy landscape ."
The girl in the red jacket is next to a picture of a funny face .
"Soldiers with hard hats standing along side what appears to be local civilians , while listening to another soldier with a regular soldier cap reading some sort of material ."
A group of military men are waiting for instructions from a man and a woman both wearing black suits .
"A group of children , standing in a circle , holding hands ."
Several soldiers wearing hard hats pose for a picture with two unenthusiastic little boys wearing red and blue outfits .
"Two soldiers stand next to a truck holding packages of games , puzzles and building blocks ."
A woman in a white blouse holds a child in a white shirt outdoors .
"A military member of a group called "" Old iron Sides "" smiles as he looks at a device in both hands and a child with over sized sunglasses on looks at him with a juice box in his hands ."
A small boy sitting with a group of troops wearing a combat helmet .
"Soldiers stand in formation outside of a building , and one man dressed in street clothes stands near them ."
An African family stands in the middle of a group of hay huts with plastic overlays .
A woman in a pink sweatshirts holds a bouquet of balloons while sitting on a folding chair .
A man in military camouflage and a dark green hard hat is holding a framed child 's crayon drawing .
A guy with a camera films a man in uniform while a woman interviews him .
Three men wearing flip-flops are crouching around a game on the ground .
"A man wearing black pants and a white shirt busily working in a restaurant kitchen with food and 3 wine bottles on the counter to his right , and dishes in the dishwasher to his left ."
A long-haired man in a camouflage tee and blue jeans rocks out on a black electric guitar .
"A cat observing two little rabbits in a box of hay inside an wire enclosure , while a woman in a white sweater looks on ."
An older woman is sitting in a cage with two rabbits who are sitting on hay .
A man shovels snow while standing between two black trucks .
A male kid skateboarding down a sidewalk wearing a white striped shirt and black pants .
"With flowers in the foreground , a man in a blue striped shirt bikes past a large white building ."
An old english gentleman shows off some of Great Britain 's finest products .
Soccer players on the field with a red flag stand with a referee holding a orange and yellow checkered flag .
A man in shorts and a black shirt is riding a motorcycle and wearing a red helmet .
A group of people are putting on life vests and are lined up against a wall .
Two women laugh and share conversation while each of them holds a can of refreshing Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer .
A man is holding a gavel above his head .
A young Asian woman and a young Caucasian man are having a sit-down dinner at what appears to be a special event or conference .
A BMX bicyclist doing a very dangerous trick in some sort of competition .
Thick clouds masked the sky for the Braun sponsored event as the crowd looked up at the raised platform while a small group of bike stunt riders watched one rider land on his feet while his bike was still in the air .
A woman wearing a red shirt is making a pouting face while she holds on to a young boy who is frowning .
An older man in a dark shirt is resting his chin on his hand while writing on a newspaper .
"One girl rides a horse while a woman appears to lead them across a park while two other horses walk in the near background , with a street and parked cars in the far background ."
A woman sits at a restaurant with her back against a brick wall .
A man in a black shirt sits on a computer chair looks at a yellow envelope .
Three young women face each other while sitting on red plush chairs .
A construction machine is digging a hole on a paved street while an orange hose is run through a different hole in the ground close by .
A backhoe is digging a trench outside of a building .
"This man with a white hard hat , and gray vest , and long-sleeve shirt is standing on top of a roof ."
"A man in blue jeans , a tan canvas long-sleeve shirt , and rubber gloves , holds a braided metallic wire ."
An elderly man wearing a hat and blue jacket is folding his hands .
A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him .
The person in the blue coat takes a photo of the man and woman with braids .
Two people sit on a bench overlooking a vast amount of windows .
A boy scout troop stands at attention while two uniformed men hold flowers in front of a flag .
"A bearded and mustached man in jeans and a gray sweater , hands propped on waist , wearing horned headgear , is photographed by a man wearing a dark jacket ."
"A man sitting on a bucket , facing away from viewer , with flowers in front of him ."
A man and a woman are standing on grass and holding hands .
This older gentleman appears to be outside waiting for someone to come to have him fix their shoe .
A group of young boy scouts is standing together in a line .
Two men in cadet caps seem to be awaiting the beginning of ceremonies at a service veterans event in a park .
A person dressed in a yellow animated costume in a public area .
A lady walking in a alleyway of what appears to be a third world country .
An elderly man with a multicolored bag is reaching for an elderly woman 's hand .
There are two policemen walking down a semi-crowded street with batons along side a man wearing a blue and white plaid shirt .
Woman cupping water with hands over bathroom sink as child stands beside her .
Two people stand on the sidewalk next to the street with their belongings .
One person is observing two people who are sitting on a brick bench looking through items taken from a yellow bucket .
A man in a suit is walking down the street carrying a brown paper bag .
A young Indian dance troupe performing on stage during a local talent competition .
A woman has a wooden spoon in a large bowl with her leg stretched almost above her head while she is looking at a book .
A young boy sits on the ground looking on as a woman looks toward a man dressed in a maroon jacket and dark pants leans against a pole .
A man sits on a ledge on a red building while watching a very tiny television .
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down .
A man standing in front of a brick wall while playing the saxophone .
A blond woman is sitting in a brown leather chair while another woman is walking next to a store in the background
A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color .
A ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers .
An older gentleman in a narrow hallway with a picture on the wall .
A player in white uniform is jumping to get the soccer ball while a player in burgundy uniform is holding his arms out to stop him .
A man walks in front of a bus shelter that has been spray painted .
A man with dark hair and a mustache is wearing a light blue shirt while talking on a cellphone .
Two construction workers taking a break ; one is napping in a chair and the other is lying on boards from the work site .
"There are four canoes in the background , beautiful green grass , with three kids standing at the shore of the lake , that is crystal and crisp looking , and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt , red life vest , and is in a yellow kayak , with a double ended yellow paddle ."
These children are gathered together writing notes related to a field trip .
"A group of children and adults are gathered in an outdoor desert setting as if preparing for or returning from an outing , with several kids wearing matching light blue backpacks and a Saguaro cactus in the far left background ."
"Two men , one younger and the other older , stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport ."
A woman and her children walking while eating ice cream cones at an outdoor event .
An older woman holds up an older photo of young children while smiling broadly in front of a flower-festooned memorial .
"During a race , a child outstretches her hand to the runners , who are all running in the opposite direction of her ."
A large group of children with backpacks and four adult women are standing on a path and some are standing by the directory sign .
A woman kneels at the edge of a dock reaching toward a dog leaping nearby in the water .
A black and brown dog runs through the snow next to some trees .
"A group of women eating and drinking at a table in a restaurant , with a flat screen LCD TV above their table ."
"A very young boy is wearing green shorts and socks , is preparing to kick a ball , he is in a field ."
A man is standing in front of glass doors with a blue spot and a pink spot .
A little girl wearing a yellow shirt and earrings is eating food out of a green bowl with a spoon .
a woman in a orange and brown wrap over her green shirt shovels a brown material into lines on a cement pad .
People in bright Indian attire are walking outside .
A man works at a desk overflowing with paperwork and business-related electronic devices .
A man set down his red gasoline can and generator in order to talk to the man that was holding a large painting .
"A group of teenagers waiting outside a storefront , to go inside ."
"Dark-haired little girl , with dirty bare feet , sitting in a large bucket eating a treat ."
There are three people standing in the produce section of a grocery store .
"Several men , including one in a uniform with a white hat , are looking down a busy street as a pedestrian and pedaled passenger vehicle go by ."
"A man and two children , one pointing at the camera , are holding large translucent plastic bags , filled with smaller bags of a popcorn like snack ."
A mom happily pushes her two children in a stroller down a brick lined path in the park .
"A young boy wearing a yellow shirt and green pants pushing a baby stroller in front of houses with red and white roofs , red doors , white railing and red floor planks ."
An older man in a red sweatshirt stands in front of a group of children sitting on benches in front of him .
There is some musicians and a man in white playing on a stage .
A blond man singing into a microphone with a guitarist behind him .
"Two women , having drinks , are sitting down and talking inside a house ."
A man wearing casual clothes is sleeping on a public bench with a plastic bag and beer bottle at his side .
"Three boys on a basketball court , wearing team uniforms , are attempting to reach a basketball which is not photographed but appears to be descending just out of their reach ."
"A man with short , styled hair using an electric razor to trim his facial hair ."
A chef in a white uniform mixes popcorn with a large wooden utensil .
"A snowboarder in a red jacket flies through the air , above a hill of snow , and next to a red and white sign ."
A singer sings into a microphone while other musicians play in the background .
A man in bright white clothing and tattoos performs on a stage with a red background while holding a microphone in his left hand .
A young lady in a red shirt and jeans stands on top of a structure in a parking lot .
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location .
An African American man wearing a gray cap and glasses is drawing a portrait of someone from a picture on his lap .
The woman in black is applying mascara to her eyelashes while other passengers are boarding .
A man with an apron on is standing in front of a stove cooking .
Four young boys are talking to a street vendor in front of an old building while several other adults stand talking further down the street .
Two women wearing black coats are walking in a street looking at each other .
A group of people in formal attire are in the background and a man in a white shirt with khaki pants jumps from the dirt road to the green grass .
A medium brown dog is jumping over a short brick wall surrounding some dirt .
Someone walks along a lonely pathway in a nearly abandoned passageway .
A man wearing an orange scarf is sitting on the grass with his legs crossed and his eyes closed
Sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head .
Two men dressed in work attire are looking at a pipe that is sticking off the wall .
A young man carries a big basket while an older man behind him talks on a cellphone .
A red jacketed young man uses a bullhorn to shout in front of a large protest banner .
A brown dog is shown standing in the water near a muddy beach .
Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other .
Four girls in black tops are weaving leaves in a building .
"A woman and man , wearing name tags , having a meal together ."
A woman is walking on the street in front of a yellow car with the driver 's side window open .
A man and a woman are seated holding musical instruments while another woman stands at a podium .
A boy wearing a hat and sitting on a wall looks over at a group of people standing by the riverside .
"Two dancers , one male , one female , are doing a routine in a dance studio ."
A woman in a purple shirt with her hands on her hips dancing barefoot in the middle of two other women dancing on a dance floor .
A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car .
"The rag tag of the blue bus turning a street corner seems out of place amidst shops , pedestrians , and a lone woman riding a red bicycle ."
Two persons are in a field and are holding up a bundle of dry grass over their heads .
"A young adult in the middle of a road waving flags of red , white , and black ."
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them .
The person in front who is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and white hard hat is carrying a bottle .
"A woman in a black jacket stands in front of a "" Hors du temps "" movie poster ."
Many children are working together in someone 's yard cleaning leaves .
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation .
A man wearing a tag that says Jake is standing in front of microphone wearing a brown jacket and a red patterned tie with a large screen displaying text in the background .
"A man on a horse with a large hat goes down the street while many people , some with balloons , watch from the edge of the street ."
Three young men gathered at a table with drinks having a discussion .
Two women with dark hair holding umbrellas are running while crossing the street during a storm .
A person in the military standing in front a picture of a man .
A group of people are standing around a dining table with food on it .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
A man has a variety of decorative goods hanged up in what appears to be his storefront .
Three men in matching reflective uniforms gather in front of a decorated wall .
A man wearing a pink shirt with black stripes is protecting himself from the rain using a newspaper .
"Two people , both wearing jeans , are standing by the edge of water with fishing poles ."
"A thin man with messy , orange hair moves his hands over a flying saucer shaped metal object ."
A child is eating something very close to the camera while other children sit at a table behind him .
A man wearing only blue jeans and a cap is using a paint roller on a light blue floor .
A young boy is getting ready to hit a pinata with a blue baseball bat .
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
A child examines a chunk of rock through that of a magnifying glass .
"A young brunette male in a striped blue shirt and denim jeans , tossing a basketball on a basketball court ."
A boy in red shorts rides a yellow bodyboard on a breaking wave .
A fat man wearing a tan t-shirt with black and gray hair brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush in a room with a calendar on the wall and a lamp on a dresser .
"Two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts stand next to a body of water , as one throws something into the water ."
Kid in red shirt playing on bars while another boy watches .
"A smiling , middle-aged Hispanic or Indian woman with braided hair , missing teeth and a round red cap and red shawl is standing outside by some buildings on a sunny day ."
People buying groceries after massive earthquakes had hit their hometown in recent weeks
A football player holding the football about to be tackled by a player wearing red while a player in white with the number 13 laying on the ground .
"A person wearing a tan jacket and holding a yellow bag is walking a black dog at the Fossar de les Moreres , a memorial plaza in Barcelona , Spain ."
"A little girl with blond ponytails is eating a sausage , with several adults in the background ."
Two guys wear athletic clothing taking a jog through the woods .
A large group of people sit attentively around round tables in white plastic chairs .
One woman is sitting on a couch with a bottle in her hand while another is on the floor with a child looking at a computer .
One person takes a walk with a dog in a tree lined park in the morning in autumn .
A man is giving directions at a helicopter landing pad aboard an aircraft carrier .
One woman in a green pants suit is speaking to another woman with glasses while both sit .
Migrant workers working for the government on its big plantation .
A woman wearing black smokes while talking to a man in a black jacket outside .
A young person sits in front of a picture in a fast food restaurant while an employee cleans nearby .
"Man donned in jeans and football jersey prepares a meal complete with mean and beer , at his kitchen counter as the sunlight pours in from the kitchen window ."
A man with a black backpack walks down a road with water on either side .
"A dark hair woman , dressed in white boots and a black and green dress , is striking a dancer pose for the camera ."
A man sleeping on some pipes in a park next to a guitar and some blocks of cement .
A woman getting ready to play a musical instrument .
A diverse group of younger looking people seem to be waiting for a lecture to start .
A man in a cap and a blue plaid button-down shirt is holding a bird cage with a bird inside .
"A burning trailer house in background , two uniformed firefighters raised up in air on ladder , and three uniformed firefighters on ground with hose spraying water at the fire ."
"A man wearing a black shirt , khaki shorts and white tennis shoes is holding an object ."
Dog on leash burrows into snow in rural area .
A choir singing with the soloist out front and the conductor in a black and white dress .
A flautist in a black shirt and green army hat plays on stage .
A man is seated in a chair holding a bow for his instrument in the middle of a brown floor .
A man is standing with his eyes closed and smoking a cigarette .
A person is midair above a body of water after having jumped from a high surface .
A man with a beard works intently on a project that needs a lot of heat .
A small group of people stands in a rocky field surrounded by camping equipment and patches of snow .
"On an overcast day , on a deserted strip of narrow road surrounded by grass , a young boy dressed only in pants and thongs does a wheelie on his bicycle ."
A group of revelers dressed in black and red outfits with horns marching through the street at night with giant sparklers .
"A group of people waiting at a food stand , on a street corner ."
A young child in violet clothes arches her back and touches the ground with her hands so that she is looking outward and upside down .
There is a man with a fedora hat and blue dress coat playing an accordion in front of a sign .
A group of three students is shown sitting in some sort of lecture hall and they all see bored .
"Two players from opposing hockey teams face off for control of the hockey puck , while their teammates look on ."
Three Portuguese men sitting at a head table in a room in front of a sign .
Several people in a large crowd are taking pictures of something above them .
"Four bearded men sit at a table in a restaurant , the table has plates and glasses on it , and the men are all looking towards the photographer ."
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle .
Hundreds of dogs in the park are getting ready for a walk or race as people admire them .
One lady in a purple shirt is handing another lady in a purple shirt a shovel .
Older man with beard holds a stick with a bag on the end while walking .
A group of adults and children are hiking through the woods .
A man in a light colored t-shirt and jeans looks very animated while a woman in a blue and white striped shirt and overalls is preparing food .
A man in apron and latex glove cleaning the desk tables in a theater type auditorium .
A woman in a black and yellow shirts works the clean the floor under the red chairs .
"Man with long brown hair , ball cap and glasses playing a guitar indoors ."
"A hockey game in an AT&T stadium , one man is wearing a black and yellow jersey , the other is wearing red and white , while the referee stands between them ."
"On the shore of a lake , a girl jumps for joy in the autumn leaves ."
A grocery store checkout where a checker is counting out change .
A girl with a pink headband and blue shirt is drumming on blue plastic and metal bowls with chopsticks .
An African American man getting his haircut by another man .
"One African-American male in a white and red T-shirt is using an electric shaver to shave another , seated , African-American male 's head ."
Three boys are together while one is taking a picture with his camera .
A boy in jeans and a gray t-shirt is gazing at the hand he has raised toward his breast bone .
A man in a raincoat puts his hand out while standing outside in front of a large advertisement on the side of a building .
A group of people in costumes are holding their arms in the air in the manner of the finale of a musical number .
A boy cutting his friends hair while other boys look and one boy using his cellphone .
A festival involving Chinese or Japanese people in the street lighting a large torch .
A small girl sleeping on a couch with a pillow on her lap and under her head .
"A solider with her daughter coming down a buffet line , looking at his choices in food ."
A boy is shaving a African American 's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself .
"two guys , and a young child , having a good time , maybe taking pictures ."
A young man in a Run DMC shirt cuts the hair of another young man as a teen in a striped shirt watches .
A black man wearing a white t-shirt is using a hair cutting razor on another black man 's head .
A boy in a white t-shirt is cutting the hair of another person .
"Four individuals are outside on a patio , one man has raised his shirt over his head and another is holding a cellular phone ."
A young girl in pink clothing with a winter vest pushes a pink toy with blue wheels .
People are gathered around the table filled with food .
A man in black is cleaning the roof of a building with a jet of water .
A brown and black dog running through snow-covered ground .
an older male is taking a nap with his head resting on some form of old rock wall
A outdoor hunting store is filled with potential customers as they browse through the displayed items .
An accordion player accompanies a man and woman who are dancing a tango on a city street as several passersby watch .
An elderly man with a long beard and hair and red dot on his head with white symbols .
"A person , dressed as "" Santa Claus "" , is wearing a red coat and standing in a crowded room of people while a few people take pictures ."
A man in a gray sweater and brown pants is lying down on a couch and reading a book .
A young girl playing is a sprinkler fountain jumps on a yellow concrete spot .
"A boy diving in to a hotel swimming pool , with a corner of a chair in the foreground ."
"A female golfer in red pants , a black and white jacket and a white hat makes a putt during a sunny day on the green ."
"Group of people outside , holding a banner with blue text on it ."
"A man wearing black clothes , standing and looking out over a snowy scene ."
Several people going up and down escalators with a mirror on one side inside of a shopping mall .
Woman in white knit hat with yellow messenger bag waits for train .
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar .
"A curly-haired redhead is wearing a blue checkered hat , a black long-sleeve shirt , and blue jeans while holding a red jacket as she speaks to her friends standing behind her ."
Smiling toddler wearing a blue shirt smiles while sitting on a swing set .
A group of women wearing rolling skates and knee pads stand around in a huddle .
Six people box apples in a grassy fields with leaves turning colors in the background .
A crowd of people in front of an Asian building with red flags around it .
"Tourists and residents walk around Tiananmen Square in Beijing , China with the Mao Zedong Memorial Hall in the background ."
Tourists visiting China have come to see it 's amazing architecture .
A man and woman sit on a stoop while a man in a brown shirt holds his hand to his head and a person with a backpack stands with his back to the camera .
this bearded man looks back in happiness after seeing the graffiti on the wall on the streets of a busy city .
High above the ground two people cross a large yellow bridge on foot .
"In the cockpit , a pilot wearing a bright yellow vest presses buttons on the over-head control panel ."
A man in a white shirt at a stand surrounded by beverages and lots of lemons .
Two men in white hard hats are working on a large object inside a chain-linked fence .
A woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat .
"Older man with long beard in a white t-shirt , standing outdoors , shows off skillet full of food ."
Two men in hard hats attempt to help as a third man works on a big white machine .
a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti
An older man sits on a subway or bus reading a tabloid in front of an Uncle Sam poster as a hanging plant sits beside him on the floor .
"four young men in a kitchen and dining area cleaning up , the one in foreground is wiping the table and wearing a black t-shirt ."
A man and a woman are standing in front of a store that sells phone cards .
A man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens .
"A fairly large woman opens one side of a double swinging door , while a large man goes out the other side of the same door ."
A man on a bike and two women are in front of a green building .
"Lumberjack in his security red jumpsuit , gets stylish with his orange hard hat as he cuts down the trees ."
A little girl pushes a merry-go-round in a park while two other kids hold on . ee
"A woman in a yellow shirt is doing a ballerina pose outside , you can see trees and the sky in the background ."
An orange and white emergency van is on the street in front of a building with many windows .
Two tanned men wearing shorts are pulling a fishing net along a beach shore .
For people in black pants and white martial arts shirts with belts hold a pose with both arms raised while three casually dressed me look on from a door on the left .
"An old man with a cane sitting on a park bench , appears to have fallen asleep ."
An adult wearing a harness climbs in a rocky area .
A man using a contraption that breaths out fire while a woman holding the balloon as they attempt to fill it with hot air .
A man in a yellow and orange outfit watching a group of men playing chess .
A man and woman perform a martial arts demonstration with practice katanas in front of an audience in an outside park like environment .
A barber is trimming the neckline of a man on the side of the street .
This is a male bartender standing behind the bar with his hand on the tap .
"A group of men consisting of a violinist , trumpet player , french horn player and singer are performing on stage while a mime looks on in the background ."
A group of people are seen in a church singing under a yellow ceiling .
Couple in their wedding outfits get their picture taken while sitting on a tree with a river in the background .
Two women in orange shirts and hats walk in an organized event .
A man is holding a microphone in his right hand and has his left hand stretched out to the side .
Soccer players practice on a soccer field as people fill the stadium .
A fluffy white dog runs through the woods with his ears flapping in the breeze .
A man in uniform directing traffic as people cross the street in a crosswalk .
A little boy is wearing headphones while watching a pair of hands on a TV screen with a microphone stand in front of the hands .
A man holding a yellow balloon sitting on a bench next to a woman with a little girl in front of her and a little boy in green rain boots walking in front of them .
There is a stadium full of people and they are watching a ballgame with two teams .
A police officer walking out of his parked vehicle and about the approach a yellow vehicle .
Two women dressed in blue are walking through a grassy hillside .
"Photo is of a Scottish parade leader followed by his troupe , while they all march down the street ."
A group of people stop at a food booth outside .
A boy on a donkey faces another boy wearing a cap in front of an old stone wall .
A guy in a teal colored uniform is getting ready to mop a floor with cleaning supplies at hand .
A beefy guy with short brown hair in a beard is laying in a bathtub with his hands clasped behind his head .
A little girl stands on a cobblestone street and watches bubbles .
A pizza worker helps a customer while other workers deal with food .
A barefoot young child in a white tee-shirt is climbing a skate park wall .
A young girl looks up at an adult as she tries to swing on a public playground .
A girl wears a red dress with a striped shirt as she point to a book held buy a woman in a blue sweatshirt .
Small girls sit in benches a circle in a clapboard room - a slightly older girl wearing a white turtleneck sits on the carpet in front of them .
Several children holding up a red butterfly on a stick during story time .
A woman in an apron standing in front of shelves of bread in a bakery .
Three people wearing life-vests are paddling along in a canoe on a small river in a marsh .
A person dressed as Batman poses for a picture .
A little girl in pink is standing next to a little blond and is looking at cards .
Boys are sitting and standing near water and in the water with a big bamboo umbrella .
A mostly nude man standing on a stool while a family of 5 look at him questioningly .
A little boy sits in a black swing on a playground outside a school .
A young girl in blue in a swinging outside with her eyes closed and hands off the swing 's chains .
"Customers and the vendor at a street food truck are looking into a barn , where many people are seated at picnic tables ."
A bunch of Caucasians are dining and their attention seems to be directed at something .
The front of the cafe must remain free of trash if customers are to be enticed to enter .
"The senior citizen , wearing the tracksuit , is skateboarding through the park ."
This is an outdoor vegetable market in possibly Southeast Asia where please are selling their fruits and vegetables .
One boy repairing a three-wheeled bicycle in a small parking lot while another boy looks on while leaning on the front end of one of the parked cars .
"Two beautiful , little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes ."
A woman wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .
"Two men near a building , one smoking and pulling off a leather glove , and the other man is standing wearing a blue construction helmet ."
A girl wearing glasses is in a blue harness while rock climbing .
A busy street near a building that says Legend beer with people riding on motorbikes and a large set of balloons in the middle of the it .
A man rests a silver-colored metal disk on a rock surface as he works on the back side of it .
Two men wearing jackets are standing next to a table with four clear bottles on it .
A diver taking a photo of himself with one other diver posing in the background .
A toddler boy wearing overalls plays with flour with a bottle of Crisco at his feet in a kitchen .
Some children are climbing on a sculpture of a face and hand .
A woman in a red bubble jacket and black and white striped pants sitting on a bar next to a man who is smoking as people pass them by .
One man playing a trumpet and one man playing a saxophone are playing music in front of evergreen trees .
A little girl with pink pants and a pink jacket on in the middle of a pile of plastic bottles .
A white man using a bull horn is having a peaceful demonstration to make people aware of the energy it requires for manufacturers to produce plastic bottles for water .
People are crossing an intersection while cars pass by in the background .
"An elderly woman wearing a black coat and a green scarf , looks at her watch as a man is looking at her with his mouth open ."
A woman in heels carrying a bag and a man with a black hat rolling a bag on a wet tarmac .
One guy wearing a white hoodie and red t-shirt holding his left foot practicing a skateboard move at night
A group of people are walking across a snowy pathway while all wearing hard hats .
Two silhouettes of joggers as they go under a dimly lit tunnel .
A man is standing in a room in which various pots and crafts are scattered behind him with another man while a group of people enter the room behind him .
A dog is running and jumping through the woods
People dressed in black are waiting on the platform for the train .
"A proud father with his child and dog is sitting in a lounge chair outside , and looking at his son ."
A man wearing a yellow and gray shirt is walking along a gravel drive wit a donkey carrying a large load of grass behind him .
"Two pudgy , middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart ."
A girl rappels off of a boulder during a winter climb while an older man belays her from above .
a man in a blue shirt helps a small girl in a pink coat up a hill on a rope .
A man with yellow shoes and a gray hat sits on an orange and blue teeter-totter with a woman .
A man is on a laptop indoors saying something while a boy is looking at his computer .
Three young children wearing winter coats and hats ride on the front end of a bicycle built for four while a blond adult wearing a black coat rides on the backseat .
A woman is sitting on a couch and eating from a coffee table while a black and white dog sits next to her .
"Two girls looking out of an airport window , one with her mouth open in amazement ."
A scene at night of a person on a street dressed as Santa Clause getting into his small white car .
Two little girls are hanging upside-down on a climbing frame .
People ice-skate in the evening underneath the glow of lighted tree .
A man works on his car as he tries to keep warm with his hat and sweatshirt .
"Four middle-to-high-school-aged children sit around a table , eating a meal and talking ."
A young child sits in a highchair and draws colorful squiggles on a white piece of paper .
A man in a pink shirt and white pants checks out his cellphone on a completely deserted street corner .
A woman is sitting in the back of a van with seats reading a newspaper while preparing food .
A closeup of a man 's hands applying black sticky glue to the top of a bottom of a shoe .
Young men and women shouting with serious looks on their faces .
"In an aisle at a warehouse style store , a man moves a long thin box with his foot on a cart while a woman with papers watches ."
A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building .
A man being thrown wearing white by a man wearing blue in a martial arts competition while people watch .
Two workmen are standing on a roof while they repair a chimney .
A little boy in a blue jacket walking on a bench as his mother in a green jacket and a black bag holds his hand .
"A new baby still in the hospital , wrapped in blanket , sleeping ."
People are sitting in bleachers watching some activity below them .
A black and tan dog is walking over a shoreline with many small sand hills .
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police .
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .
A young girl is cleaning a pair of boots on a rug inside a doorway .
Men are driving away from a dock in an orange boat with an outboard motor .
"Two men in military uniform , a man in a tuxedo , a man in a suit , and a woman in a black cocktail dress are holding sheets of paper and singing ."
Three little girls helping dad pick out the Christmas tree .
Several cyclists race a course lines with yellow flags as an observer holds a camera .
Two children are posing with jack-o-lanterns that are lit up from the inside .
"Asian children , both girls , relaxing outside by a wall ."
"Several chairs lined against a wall , with children sitting in them ."
There are lots of people sitting down and walking around on concrete .
"A person in a pink knitted hat and brightly colored shirt is playing the trumpet as part of a brass band , although only parts of two other instruments are visible ."
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
Little boy in jeans and a t-shirt jumping off of a mound of dirt .
"Three asian children , 2 boys and a girl , is sitting and studying in a classroom that is painted light green ."
A child in a blue shirt sitting in a makeshift booth of some sort with toys laid out in front of him .
A surfboard is shown gliding through the water with a person standing on it .
"A middle-aged male with brunette hair , sitting in a green chair , writing in a notebook , sitting by a phone booth ."
A group of people of mixed ages sit on a bus that features red headrests .
Two kids standing in front of a painted up clown throwing a yellow ball .
A group of eight people pose for a picture while eating a meal together .
A puppy on a bed with blue sheets and pillow .
A small child sleeping on the ground with a pacifier in their mouth and a stuffed animal next to them .
"Three women and one man , all with luggage stand around a white minivan on a very sunny day ."
Three little girls are sitting at a red cover table filling out cards with pen and paper to be placed in the easter basket and red bowl on the table .
"A man performing a skateboard trick , with streetlights and traffic lights behind him ."
A woman holds a flag up while leaning on a barricade as soldiers stand nearby in front of a building .
"Two men , one in a green shirt , one in a white shirt , are building and stacking wooden crates ."
A man holding a box with a orange shirt with blue and orange striped pants standing on multiple wooden boxes .
A group of 14 men are standing up stairs with a pair of men on each stair with identical shirts on except for one .
Two dark-haired girls with pigtails in the water wearing red bathing suits .
Three dogs look on as two dogs attack a third dog in the streets .
"A reporter in a pinstripe suit , asks questions of an important man in a brown suit on a basketball court , while a cameraman records the interaction ."
"Two people stand in front of a magazine rack , looking at the magazines ."
Two brave young boys that have climbed to the top of a rope jungle gym with onlookers at the bottom on a sunny day .
Onlookers observe a man in a black t-shirt standing on the outside of a levee .
"A man in a white uniform is standing , looking over a ledge , with tall buildings and palm trees in front of him ."
"A man is dressed as Santa Claus with A Santa suit , hat , beard and glasses ."
A girl wearing a gray shirt and a headband smiles as she holds a brown pottery .
There is a tattooed man drinking from an orange container while sitting on a bike that is attached to a pole held up by cables next to a pine tree on a clear day .
Overhead shot of a gray-haired man working on a piece of art .
"In the autumn , two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods , while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge ."
A man covered with a red shirt and wearing sunglasses is relaxing on a porch with a newspaper .
A man bending over holding a tennis ball and playing with his dog .
A professor is giving a lecture to students in a classroom .
"A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups , bowls , pots and baskets of assorted size ."
Man in a blue jacket looking at merchandise in a street vendors hands .
"A young child sleeps in an infant carrier and helmet , an adult with black pants and red shoes sitting nearby ."
"Three people playing rock music , one of them is wearing a hat and a black pants with a black t-shirt and singing and playing the guitar ."
A person holding a cellphone in order to take a picture of another person in the crowd .
A group of people sing and play instruments in a room with brick walls .
A performer holds a microphone out to a member of a crowd .
A man with a tattoo on the left side of his left leg plays a drum set while sitting under yellow lights .
Three men stand together in a circle holding instruments while being covered in a red light .
A man stares into the window of a big yellow truck that is parked in the road .
"Two people stand in the woods to the right of a large , hollowed-out log while two other people examine a piece of paper behind them ."
A group of people huddled around a map and dresses with backpacks and other outdoor gear .
A young girl in a dress printed with Yellow and pink flowers and holding a respirator is holding a picture of a menorah and Christmas tree .
A man with dark hair and a brown jacket frowns as he stands in the snow .
A child wearing a red winter hat is standing in the snow holding a snow shovel with a red handle .
A group of hikers in packs walk up a stone staircase in the forest .
"A man in a blue shirt with white stripes , sits on the side of the road with his thumb to his mouth by a wheelbarrow full of fruit and vegetables ."
"Two people gathered at a doorway ; One appears to be a health professional from her smock top and the other a young girl , wearing eyeglasses , perhaps seven or eight years old , that has some type of apparatus in her front that may be aiding her health ."
A man and two children of Asian descent sit outside by a giant basket .
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk .
"The woman in fur , and the gentleman in his suit , mount the steps in the snow after shopping ."
Several dogs swim in a pool and two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with a toy .
"Two males on a cherry picker type of elevator , one wearing a khaki colored shirt and the other a yellow one , working on a cracked side of a building , with red flowers in the window next to them ."
A person wearing a hat and a blue shirt carries their items on a bike in a marketplace .
An open air market with many baskets of vegetables and some women sitting between them .
One white man and one african american man sitting at a long table that has colored note cards spread out on it .
young men and boys in a large metal dumpster stomping down the contents of what is in the box .
A man and woman stand next to a table covered in beer glasses and pitchers .
"In a bar , two women and a man are making bunny ear gestures at the camera behind another man 's head ."
Two people in baseball caps are sitting inside a large office space and looking at a computer screen .
"In a snowy residential environment , a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo ."
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly .
An Asian woman is walking through a crowd with two cups of coffee in each hand .
A nice day with a balloon festival going on with multiple hot air balloons being blown up .
A man in a brown shirt and glasses plays a guitar and sings into a microphone .
A man with a tattoo behind his ear and wearing glasses is smiling while playing a guitar .
A city street with transit buses and a crowd of people waiting to board the bus .
A semi-circle of adults and children sit with a Christmas tree in the background .
Two people kneeling down in the snow with a duck coming to them .
A woman with a microphone leaning towards a crowd while people raise their hands in the air .
Two boys one wearing a yellow shirt and the other wearing a white sleeveless shirt working at a workbench .
A small child in a cap is sitting on a large seat with hands through a steering wheel .
A person in a coat is walking through snow by the light of a street lamp .
"A man in a white snowsuit , shoveling a large amount of snow ."
A man in an orange jacket clears the street with a piece of Mercedes equipment .
A woman with a long brown coat stands under a black umbrella in a street full of people with a smirk on her face .
Two men are working in the dark and only have the headlights of their truck to see by .
A man with tattoos on his arms and baseball cap on holding on what seems to be pole of some kind .
"A man and woman in camouflage carrying presents that say Merry Christmas on them , in the background is a tree with some snow on the ground ."
A man and a woman are standing next to a truck that has a very weak cloth covering it .
Romantic scene of a man kissing a woman with a guitar strapped on her back and water in the background .
A balding man with blue jeans skates among a group of people ice-skating in an outside rink .
A girl wearing a black shirt and glasses is sitting in the back of a vehicle with her eyes closed .
A man is out shoveling snow off of the stairs and sidewalk from the front of his home .
A man with a red shirt is laying on bikes in an urbanized asian community .
A dog is splashing water into the air as it runs through a wet field of grass .
Two men with bags are walking along a dirt path toward a domed building .
Two people in bright orange coats are working on some piece of equipment that is dealing with a train .
A woman wearing a Dear Santa t-shirt is looking at a Star Wars book with a young boy in a bright pink shirt .
a child in an orange sweater is playing with a child in blue clothes on a white couch under a red painting .
A dark-skinned man in a green shirt with a green scarf looking at an electronic device .
An elderly woman wearing a blue hat is sitting on the sidewalk chopping something yellow on a board beside her .
A red train on the track is being worked on outside by three workers wearing orange .
A large crowd of people are congregated at the end of the street in a city .
An older man grills on a festive occasion where a gift sits in the background .
A young man on an indoor stage stands before a microphone while holding a guitar .
A mother sits on a blanket on the beach looking at the ocean while her little daughter plays in the sand .
Four men on stage playing music with multiple instruments .
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .
A police officer stands between dragons in a Chinese New Year celebration .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A gray-haired man in a black trench coat stands with another gray-haired man with a long gray jacket talking .
"A man with a blue and white jacket , cap , and backpack , taking photographs ."
"A man is standing on a tractor , which is sitting on water , talking to two men who are pointing ."
A dog looks curious at adventures lying ahead in the snow .
A man and woman dressed in black coats walking a dog down the sidewalk carrying shopping bags .
"A young man with dark , curly , shoulder-length hair smiles at the camera while standing at a gas stove and stirring the contents of a frying pan ."
A group of people are preparing something in the kitchen .
A man wearing a green shirt with suspenders sits on a bench beside a large bouquet of metallic helium balloons .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
A woman with pulled up blond-hair and sunglasses on is standing near a black and white tent .
A man is sitting in a brown chair with a woman sitting on his lap smiling for the camera .
A person wearing a blue jacket walking up a hill through snow with red skies .
A dark-skinned boy smiles as several other people stand and kneel around his sand-covered body .
"The little boy wearing a striped blue , white , and purple shirt is wearing a red and black mask in front of a very interested little girl in the back ."
"Two women are holding umbrellas while walking down a sidewalk , One is holding a child ."
"A man with a blue shirt and baseball cap sits and looks at a barbie doll that he has pulled from a bag , it has made him smile ."
Little girl dressing up in a dark purple jacket and large sunglasses .
A line forms outside a mobile sharping truck with various items in hand .
Asian children participate in a relay race with number 14 handing off the baton .
A Chinese girl hand off the baton to the other young boy in this relay race for team blue .
Multiple butchers prepossessing meat and hanging it .
Two teenage helping their mother to carry their small brother after their mother received a phone call .
Two workers in reflective vests walk in front of a wall painted with the image of a mannequin in a reflective vest with rubber boots and a trowel .
Many cars are parked on a street with tall buildings on each side and some people are walking by .
This is an image of a man in a white shirt next to a metal framed bed holding a small child who appears to have several marks on his back and arm .
A man dressed in a white robe and black jacket with a scarf on his head stands in the doorway holding some sort of animal head in his hands .
A young man in a numbered yellow top hands the baton to another in a relay .
Three men in yellow vests digging a hole in the dirt .
"Three construction workers working on digging on a hole , while the supervisor looks at them ."
a small dog with a blue color fetching a yellow ball
A woman is mountain climbing with a light blue shirt on .
"A boy in a blue jacket , carrying a red sled , running away , followed by a small dog"
"Man with a lit cigarette in mouth , yellow baseball cap turned backwards , and yellow shirt over an orange polo shirt , helping another man with carrying slabs of concrete ."
A girl infant is laying on a changing table with clothing and blankets piled next to her .
A group of people are sitting in a lecture hall .
A man in a butchers uniform standing next to two large rolls of beef .
"Caucasian female with a red wool hat , khaki pants , gray jacket and brown hiking boots , a heavy camping bag across her back with a water bottle inside pocket sleeve ."
Young male hikers stop to take a rest at the rocky ledge of a mountain vista .
A boy in a red sweatshirt and New York Giants gloves is leaning on a large rock .
A young boy goes through large rocks in the mountains .
A man standing on a train reading a diagram on the door .
Here is a picture of Asian dancers performing a new dance in front of their class and teacher .
A group of men is crossing a stream in the woods .
"A man in khaki pants and a hat , and a blue jacket , camps in the woods ."
A man wearing a gray jacket is standing outside on a sidewalk and facing another man who has a large camera on a tripod while another man holds a white pad of paper .
A little blond girl is sitting on the floor in a living room .
A little blond girl standing in front of a brown shelf wearing a white dress .
An older brown-haired woman is holding a young blond girl in pink pajamas as another brunette woman in a green shirt looks on .
"A man in a green shirt sits next to a small girl with blond-hair , who is reaching for what he has in his hands ."
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book .
middle-aged women ( maroon shirt ) holding child ( white shirt ) and a young women ( green shirt ) in the not too far distance .
There are two people flying a red and blue parachute in a wide open space on a semi-cloudy day .
A woman with glasses with a large bag around her arm on a street surrounded by people .
"A man is sitting down pointing and looking into the distance , there is beer bottles appearing in the background as well ."
"One young girl in a white hat and a blue dress , and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other , the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling ."
Young child getting ready to bowl a ball toward a pin while playing bowling .
A few people walking with buildings and mountains in the background .
Two skydivers wearing blue and purple jumpsuits attempt to smile for the camera as they fall with the cloud and blue sky above them .
"A man sits at a restaurant table reading a newspaper , with another man seated at the table next to him ."
"A basketball is up in the air above players on two teams , one team is wearing white and the other team is wearing navy blue ."
A group of people stand on a sidewalk in the midst of a discussion .
"A woman in white pants and floral top , a woman in dress with a brown jacket and another woman in a purple dress all hurry somewhere as the wind blows ."
"An asian woman , stands at a checkout counter , holding money in her hand ."
A girl wearing a pink outfit plays on a large lawn that stretches to a mansion in the distance .
"Woman in black coat , jeans and gray hat , with baby stroller , shopping for party decorations at a store ."
"One man is on a bulldozer pouring in a liquid , while another man is standing with his hand on the bulldozer watching ."
A group of well dressed people look towards the front of a church .
A woman in a yellow shirt behind an outside counter is smiling and giving the peace sign .
A young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river .
"Four young children sit on the ground outside , some on a blanket , some in the dirt , two have their eyes closed and one is only partially visible on the left side of the picture ."
two men are sitting on a rock and the one with blue and strip tee is eating .
Three people posing for a picture at a messy table with the girl in the middle wearing a yellow shirt with a drawing of a woman on it .
A woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror .
"A person wearing a bright green jacket , with a white helmet , red and blue backpack and goggles skis down a snowy mountainside ."
There is a man dressed in black and a woman wearing a colorful floral dress holding hands and expressing happiness at a party .
Two members of opposite teams stand side by side in front of a soccer ball .
"Two teams , one wearing black and white , one wearing red and white , and a man in yellow and black , play football ( soccer ) in a stadium ."
Three soccer players walking or standing on the field during the day .
A small group of soccer players are on a soccer field standing around while a player is looked at for injuries .
Two men appear at soccer match as one man holds a yellow flag .
A half dozen show-shoers gear up and chat at the car while mountains and pine trees dominate the background .
2 girls dressed in winter clothes snuggling up to a snowman with a scarf .
A man is standing with his hand on a machine that has several gears .
A cowboy gets bucked off a bull while a rodeo clown runs into the arena to distract the bull .
Athletes on a soccer field stand around each other
"The man is standing next to a dog , while the dog jumps in the air ."
A cowboy in a black hat holds on to a black and white bull as it begins to buck him off of its back .
Five construction workers in orange vests and orange hard-hats standing outside in the rain .
"A man in a red shirt sits in a chair at a laundromat ; the red hue of his shirt is repeated in the color of a tote bag suspended from the handle of a machine , a stripe painted on the wall , and the instructions posters on the wall ."
A light brown and white dog walks on a thin railing .
A woman with long hair is being photographed while a man plays pool in the background .
a brown dog is leaping into the air in front of a wooden structure in a pine forest .
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing .
A small brown jumps in the air as a big brown dog watches .
A young man and woman are dancing in a brick courtyard .
"A man operates a fruit stand , primarily consisting of bananas ."
"A woman in a red shirt stands alone in a terminal , with three pieces of luggage ."
Three women celebrate St Patrick 's day by dressing up in green and white on a busy street .
A middle-aged man wearing a button up shirt reads a book about dogs to a toddler sitting in his lap .
A young brown-haired girl in a long-sleeve white shirt and gray pants is playing with red wooden pegs at a park .
Women wearing winter coats crossing the street next to parked cars and walking down street
A little girl holding her hand so that it looks the rainbow ends in her hand .
"A little boy , who is standing outside in the at night , has snow on his face and he is crying ."
A man stands in front of a stack of paperwork and you can see it the reflection form the window
A little brown-haired boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is carrying a green truck .
Two elementary school age boys playing with a dollhouse and toy firetruck along with two toddling girls in matching pink outfits .
A toddler in a red sweatshirt and gray sweatpants in the branches of a tree
Here is a picture of 2 teenager girls and one boy dancing in the dark .
An older man is sleeping on an old park bench near a street .
Several people are enjoying each other 's company at a house party .
A man throws something into the water by a building .
"A person , wearing a red coat and dark pants , is hiking down a snow covered hill ."
"A woman plays guitar capoed up two frets , in a room lit by a standing lamp ."
A man is standing in the street next to a doorway while he holds his hands behind his back .
Three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along .
A construction worker takes a moment to wipe his face while working in the hot sun outdoors .
Many people are walking on the brick walkway between the buildings .
a person wearing a white hooded sweatshirt covered with a blanket sitting on a bench reading
"A construction worker in a hard hat , red shirt and yellow and orange vest operates a piece of machinery in front of palm trees ."
A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .
Two women in shorts are running on the beach next to the water .
Two workers making dough in a room with a large fireplace and a crate full of dough .
"A man wearing rubber gloves and boots inspects a large piece of cloth that 's draped over a wet , stone structure ."
"Four musicians , wearing Scottish garments , are playing instruments on the street - two accordion , one horn , and one clarinet ."
"A man is sitting on a blue machine of some kind , on the side of the road ."
"Two men drink stand in front of a brightly lit restaurant , drinking soda"
A man wearing a blue apron in a room filled with equipment performs a blurred action with what seems to be a pitcher .
People walk down a narrow street between tall buildings .
Three construction workers in orange vests speak to one another in front of railroad tracks .
a woman wearing a helmet is at a cookout with a makeshift horse around her waist .
A man in a suit with a wineglass in his hand is speaking to a group of people at a party .
A man is reading a newspaper while standing on a ladder with his head through a hole in the ceiling while a Mexican puppet hangs nearby .
A man in a white robe is couching with a colorfully saddled camel standing behind him .
"Two people wearing hats fish in a harbor , off the dock ."
A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead .
Spectators sit by the sidewalk as a man riding a white horse comes by .
A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman 's shoulders to take a picture .
A young child is in a harness climbing a rock wall .
A person wearing clothes that would not typically be found in US baseball is about to hit an incoming ball .
Monkey walking on a telephone wire in front of a sign that says friends cycle .
A man cuts a block of ice with a chainsaw while standing in front of a red building .
A classroom full of individuals paying attention to the professor at the front of the room .
"Three men in dress shirts in a bar , with a woman lying on the bar and a female bartender in the background ."
A little girl is being shown how to use the rock wall by an instructor .
Man in heavy black coat smoking cigar standing near woman in brown jacket with a piece of paper in her hand
A dog is playing by itself on a beach that has recently seen snowfall .
There are many people walking around and viewing things in the red room
"Dressed in a sharp suit , the head of the museum 's security team , looks like an ordinary museum visitor as he guards its most expensive painting ."
A man with sunglasses resting on his forehead holds out his hand to another passenger on a train .
A young woman with brown hair and an elderly man with gray hair and a sweater jump in the air on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .
A skier with red on their skis and boots is in midair in a hurdling position while skiing .
Two people sitting on a dock under a lamp post with clouds in the sky beyond them .
A man and a dog are sitting on a park bench with several people walking down the path that runs along side it .
A pre-school-aged girl and a toddler boy are playing with their shovels beside a large pile of snow .
Fisherman in a blue boat inspects the waters murky condition .
A man wearing a blue t-shirt and blue jeans standing in front of a lily covered pond next to a hillside .
"A child approximately 7-10 years of age , dressed in winter clothes , pulls a younger child in a red sled along a snowy street ."
"Many people , including a boy wearing a striped brown shirt and a man in capri pants and flip-flops , walk past a hotel with green brick walls ."
eight people are attempting to pull a tractor with a rope
A man with a cowboy hat is riding a horse that is jumping .
"A woman in a red coat , hat and scarf sits on the sidewalk surrounded by bags of various items , some in bags and some in blue , red or black plastic tubs ."
"Two men sitting on a subway are reading , with coats and scarves on , but have seemed to have lost their pants ."
"A child wearing a red coat , white ski cap , and multicolored scarf looks on in front of a wooded snow covered background ."
An attendant in a beige uniform and red middle-eastern hat pours liquid from a gold pitcher into a cup while woman sits reading a magazine by a window behind her and a man wearing a striped shirt carrying an electronic device approaches her .
A man and woman are having drinks at a counter whose wall decorated with vintage black and white photos .
Four men seated at a table in a restaurant with another man standing at the table talking .
A small group of people with a spotlight on them wearing red shirts and jeans at a rodeo .
A young man in a green shirt is jumping with his skateboard over three steps in front of a skyscraper .
Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play .
A man and a woman play an accordion and violin on the sidewalk for tips from pedestrians .
